Update help docs for new design and scores (#3797)
dart-lang/pub-dev: doc/help.md

 - [Package scores & pub points](/help/scoring)

# Search

`pub.dev` supports the following search expressions:

  - `"exact phrase"`: By default, when you perform a search, the results include
    packages with similar phrases. When a phrase is inside quotes, you'll see
    only those packages that contain exactly the specified phrase.

  - `package:prefix`: Searches for packages that begin with `prefix`. Use this
    feature to find packages in the same framework.

  - `dependency:package_name`: Searches for packages that reference
    `package_name` in their `pubspec.yaml`.

  - `dependency*:package_name`: Searches for packages that depend on
    `package_name` (as direct, dev, or transitive dependencies).

  - `email:user@example.com`: Search for packages where either the author or the
    uploader has the specified email address.

## Search filters

The search UI also supports filters:

  - On the left of the search bar, select 'Dart' or 'Flutter' depending on the
    SDK you are developing with.

  - On the right of the search bar, click the platform filter buttons to filter
    results to packages supporting the platforms you need support for.

>   - To use platform filters for non-stable platforms (e.g. Flutter Desktop), use
>     the Advanced option on the far right of the search bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - To use platform filters for prerelease platforms (e.g. Flutter Desktop), use
    the Advanced option on the far right of the search bar.
```

Author: I don't think Flutter uses that terminology. Changed to alpha platforms.

## Search ranking

Default listings use a composite of the three scores to sort packages. The
ranking is based on the composite score, and if applicable, the platform
specificity and the text match score of the search team.

# Publishing packages

[Pub][pub-tool] isn't just for using other people's packages.
It also allows you to share your packages with the world.
If you have a useful project and you want others to be able to use it,

> use the [`dart pub publish`][pub-publish] command.

Reviewer 2: `pub publish`

Author: Done

package, locate the **thumbs up button** located in the upper-right corner of a
package page.

To view packages you have liked, use the **My pub.dev > My liked packages** menu
option.

## Popularity

Popularity measures the number of apps that depend on a package over the past 60
days. We show this on a normalized scale from 100% (the most used package) to 0%
(the least used package), but are investigating if we can provide absolute usage
counts in a future version.

Although this score is based on actual download counts, it compensates for
automated tools such as continuous builds that fetch the package on each change
request.

## Pub Points

Pub points is pub.dev's measure of quality. Pub points are awarded in five categories:

### Follow Dart file conventions

Dart packages are expected to follow certain file conventions for how to
[organize a package](https://dart.dev/guides/libraries/create-library-packages#organizing-a-library-package.
Most importantly make sure to:

  - Provide a [`pubspec.yaml` file](https://dart.dev/tools/pub/pubspec). Ensure
    all Urls are valid and use a secure `https:` scheme.

>   - Provide a [](https://dart.dev/tools/pub/package-layout#license) file using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Provide a [`LICENSE`](https://dart.dev/tools/pub/package-layout#license) file using
```

Author: Done

>     an an [OSI-approved license](https://opensource.org/licenses).

Reviewer: We do not require OSI-approved licenses. I think encouraging it would be great, but afaik we have no scoring on this.

Reviewer: Only scoring on the fact that a license is present.

Author: Added preferably

  </code></pre>
````

### Support up-to-date dependencies

This category measures if a package has up-to-date dependencies in three areas:

  - Works with the latest stable Dart SDK.
  - Works with the latest stable Flutter SDK (if applicable).
  - Works with the latest versions of all pendendencies.

To determine if your package supports the latest versions of dependencies prior

> to publishing, run the `dart pub outdated` command (Dart SDK) or `flutter pub

Reviewer 2: `pub outdated`

Author: Done

outdated` command (Flutter SDK).

## Calculating pub points prior to publishing

The pub.dev site uses the analysis tool [pana][pana-url] to calculate pub
points. This is run automatically on the pub.dev site whenever you publish a new
package, or a new version of an existing package.

You can view your *pub points report* to get suggestions before publishing, by
running `pana` locally:

  1. When run `pana` will make modifications to the package, so start by making
     a copy of the directory holding your package: `cp ~/dev/mypkg ~/tmp/mypkg`

>   1. Make sure you have the latest pana tool: `dart pub global activate pana` (`pana`

Reviewer 2: `pub global activate pana`

>      changes frequently, so run this again frequenrly to update the pana tool)

Reviewer 2: s/frequenrly/frequently/

Author: Done

>   1. Run pana on the copy we made earlier: `dart pub global run pana --source path ~/tmp/mypkg`

Reviewer 2: `pub global run pana ~/tmp/mypkg` (I think we no longer require `--source path` for local testing).

Author: Done
